Add changes for iOS SDK 3.37.0 (#751)
MapsPeople/docs: src/changelogs/ios/v3/CHANGELOG.md

### Removed
-->

## [3.37.0] 2021-12-20

### Fixed

> - We fixed an issue where the shown route could have a strange starting point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where the shown route could have an unintended starting point.
```

I think this is a better word to use 🙂

> - We fixed an issue where the selected location would not be properly selected if it had been set to nil shortly before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where the selected Location would not be properly selected if it had been set to `nil` shortly before.
```
